(GH-34) Add Company Taunts (#44)
FlagrantGarden/site: content/games/factions/companies.md

| :---------------------------------------- | :---: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Your Corpse Will Never Thaw!              |  6+   | Aurorans only. Must have failed to Cast a Spell on an enemy Group last turn.                                          | This Group must Cast at the target enemy Group if they are able. When Casting, this Group may reroll any dice. When activating or resolving any other Order, the enemy player may force this Group to reroll any dice.                                                                                |

> | We'll Trample Your Bones Like Fresh Snow! |  7+   | Hunters only. Must be within 12" of an enemy Group which caused a friendly Group to lose Fighting Strength last turn. | This Group becomes Reckless and Vicious against the target Group, +2" MO, and may only activate to Attack or Move toward the target Group until the target Group is Routed. If the target Group Routs, this Group must activate to Proclaim this Taunt against the nearest valid target, if possible. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| We'll Trample Your Bones Like Fresh Snow! |  7+   | Hunters only. Must be within 12" of an enemy Group that caused a friendly Group to lose FS last turn. | This Group gains Reckless and Vicious against the target Group, +2" MO, and may only activate to Attack or Move toward the target Group until the target Group is Routed. If the target Group Routs, this Group must activate to Proclaim this Taunt against the nearest valid target, if possible. |
```

> | We'll Trample Your Bones Like Fresh Snow! |  7+   | Hunters only. Must be within 12" of an enemy Group which caused a friendly Group to lose Fighting Strength last turn. | This Group becomes Reckless and Vicious against the target Group, +2" MO, and may only activate to Attack or Move toward the target Group until the target Group is Routed. If the target Group Routs, this Group must activate to Proclaim this Taunt against the nearest valid target, if possible. |

Reviewer: do we want to specify in the last sentence that, if the group fails the taunt activation, they have to keep trying on subsequent activations until they succeed? might be unwieldy in an already-long bit of rules text, maybe best left unsaid (giving up a small bit of rules precision for readability).

Author: Oh, that's an interesting interpretation - the way I was _intending_ this to come across is that there's a one-off chance that they have gone berserk and have to keep going - they basically get a check after they finish an enemy Group - are they still bloodthirsty, or has their thirst been slaked?

Reviewer: Oh okay, that makes sense. I'm happy leaving the last sentence as-is, in that case.

> | Til the Glaciers Melt!                    |  8+   | Longbraids only. Must be in melee and Blooded.                                                                        | This Group cannot Retreat (-1 FS instead if they would be forced to do so) or activate except to Attack an enemy Group they are already in melee with or to resolve their Reckless Trait. They gain the Chariot, Unfeeling, and Vicious Traits.                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Til the Glaciers Melt!                    |  8+   | Longbraids only. Must be in melee and Bloodied.                                                                        | This Group cannot Retreat (-1 FS instead if they would be forced to do so). They can only activate to Attack an enemy Group they are already in melee with or to resolve their Reckless Trait. They gain the Chariot, Unfeeling, and Vicious Traits.                                                       |
```

Well-Armed (1)
: Once each turn, may reroll all results of 1 on a single to-hit roll.

| Taunt                 | Check | Requirements                                                                     | Effect                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| :-------------------- | :---: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Blood Makes Mud!      |  6+   | Shieldkin only. Must be within 6" of a melee.                                    | When this Group Attacks an enemy already in melee, they roll three extra dice. While in melee, this Group is Unfeeling.                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Blood Makes Mud!      |  6+   | Shieldkin only. Must be within 6" of two or more other groups in melee with each other.                                    | When this Group Attacks an enemy already in melee, they roll three extra dice. While in melee, this Group is Unfeeling.                                                                                                                          |
```

> | Our Bolts, Your Eyes! |  7+   | Mounted Crossbows only. Must be within 12" of an enemy.                          | This Group becomes Reckless, except they must Shoot instead of Attack if they are able. They only hit on 6 when Shooting and each hit counts twice.                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Our Bolts, Your Eyes! |  7+   | Mounted Crossbows only. Must be within 12" of an enemy.                          | This Group becomes Reckless, except they must Shoot instead of Attack, if able. They only hit on 6 when Shooting, and each hit counts twice.                                                                                              |
```

> | To Glory or Hell!     |  8+   | Lancers only. Must be within 10" of an enemy Captain or Group worth more points. | This group gains the Self-Destruct Trait. If they fail when testing Resolve, they self-destruct instead of retreating. If they self-destruct, roll 2d6 for each remaining Group they commanded; on results of 6+, those Groups gain this effect. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| To Glory or Hell!     |  8+   | Lancers only. Must be within 10" of an enemy Captain or another enemy Group worth more points than this one. | This group gains the Self-Destruct Trait. If they fail when testing Resolve, they self-destruct instead of retreating. If they self-destruct, roll 2d6 for each remaining Group they commanded; on 6+, those Groups gain this effect. |
```

Reviewer: im probably just spacing on this one, but have we established what "commanded" means in this context? im not sure what this means atm

Author: Oh, shit, I don't think we have. I think the correct interpretation here is "remaining Group in their Company."

Reviewer: Cool, updated the suggestion above to reflect.

Unfeeling (0)
: Automatically pass when testing Resolve, but round up hits inflicted against this Group.

| Taunt                  | Check | Requirements                                                                                     | Effect                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| :--------------------- | :---: | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | You're But a Chew Toy! |  6+   | Necromancer only. Must be within 12" of Skeleton Rex and an enemy Group.                         | Skeleton Rex must Attack the target Group if able and Move toward them if not. Skeleton Rex is Unerring against the target Group. If the Necromancer Proclaims another Taunt or Casts a spell, this effect ends.                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| You're But a Chew Toy! |  6+   | Necromancer only. Must be within 12" of Skeleton Rex and a target enemy Group.                         | Skeleton Rex must Attack the target Group if able, or Move toward them if not. Skeleton Rex has Unerring against the target Group. If the Necromancer Proclaims another Taunt or Casts a spell, this effect ends.                                                                                                               |
```

> | Try Again!             |  7+   | Necromancer only. Must be within 12" of Skeletal Warriors destroyed by an enemy Group last turn. | The Skeletal Warriors return to play with FS equal to the result of the Check. They must Attack the Group that destroyed them if able and Move toward them if not. If they destroy the enemy Group, roll a d6. On a 1, they turn on the Necromancer. On 2-5, they collapse into piles of bones. On 6, they continue as normal. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Try Again!             |  7+   | Necromancer only. Must be within 12" of Skeletal Warriors destroyed by an enemy Group last turn. | The Skeletal Warriors return to play with FS equal to the result of the Check. They must Attack the Group that destroyed them if able, or Move toward them if not. If they destroy the enemy Group, roll 1d6. On a 1, they turn on the Necromancer (for the rest of the game, they must Attack the Necromancer if able, or Move toward them if not). On 2-5, they collapse into piles of bones. On 6, they continue as normal. |
```

> | Your Bones Are Mine!   |  8+   | Necromancer only. Must be within 6" of an enemy Group.                                           | This Group must Attack or Cast at the target Group if able. If this Group Routs the target Group, the target Group rises again as Skeletal Warriors under the Necromancer's command with 2d6 FS.                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Your Bones Are Mine!   |  8+   | Necromancer only. Must be within 6" of a target enemy Group.                                           | This Group must Attack or Cast at the target Group if able. If this Group Routs the target Group, the target Group rises again as Skeletal Warriors with 2d6 FS under the Necromancer's command.                                                                                                                               |
```

Unfeeling (0)
: Automatically pass when testing Resolve but round up hits inflicted against this Group.

| Taunt              | Check | Requirements                                                            | Effect                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| :----------------- | :---: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `P3W P3W P3W`      |  6+   | Arclight Rifles/Blasters only. Must be able to Shoot an enemy Group.    | This Group becomes Reckless, except they must Shoot instead of Attack if they are able. They may reroll any dice when Shooting. If Attacked, they must reroll any dice that hit.                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `P3W P3W P3W`      |  6+   | Arclight Rifles/Blasters only. Must be able to Shoot an enemy Group.    | This Group becomes Reckless, except they must Shoot instead of Attack, if able. They may reroll any dice when Shooting. If Attacked, they must reroll any of their dice that hit.                   |
```

Reviewer: quick note: i just want to make sure these apostrophes are the correct ones. they look funny to me, but i wouldnt be surprised if they were just displayed funny in github OR if they were some programmer joke.

Author: Yup! In markdown, wrapping text in backticks renders the text `like this`, which is monospaced code font. Because they're robots. 😣

> | `W3 H0W1 U 5Cr34M` |  7+   | Barking Sparks only. Must be Bloodied an able to Attack an enemy Group. | This Group becomes Reckless and Terrifying. If this Group does not activate Recklessly, they must attempt to Self-Destruct if within 6" of an enemy Group or Move towards the nearest enemy Group. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `W3 H0W1 U 5Cr34M` |  7+   | Barking Sparks only. Must be Bloodied and able to Attack an enemy Group. | This Group becomes Reckless and Terrifying. If this Group cannot activate to Attack, and they are within 6" of an enemy Group, they must attempt to Self-Destruct instead. If they are not within 6" of an enemy Group, they must Move towards the nearest enemy Group instead. |
```

> | `F135H 15 W34K`    |  8+   | Titan only. Must be in melee with a Bloodied enemy Group.               | This Group becomes Vicious and Unfeeling while in melee with the target Group. If they Rout the target Group, they are Vicious and Unfeeling for the rest of the Skirmish.                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `F135H 15 W34K`    |  8+   | Titan only. Must be in melee with a target Bloodied enemy Group.               | This Group becomes Vicious and Unfeeling while in melee with the target Group. If they Rout the target Group, they are Vicious and Unfeeling for the rest of the skirmish.                         |
```

Well-Armed (1)
: Once each turn, may reroll all results of 1 on a single to-hit roll.

| Taunt                        | Check | Requirements                                                          | Effect                                                                                                                                                                              |
| :--------------------------- | :---: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Dance To Our Whistling Tune! |  6+   | Slingers only. Must have hit an enemy Group while Shooting last turn. | This Group must Shoot the target Group if able. They roll twice as many dice to hit when Shooting but must reroll hits.                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Dance To Our Whistling Tune! |  6+   | Slingers only. Must have hit an enemy Group while Shooting last turn. | This Group must Shoot the target Group if able. They roll twice as many dice to hit when Shooting, but must reroll all hits.                                                             |
```

> | Fall Before Our Wave!        |  7+   | Bronzeclad and Khopeshi only. Must be within 6" of Wyrmkith.          | This Group must activate after the Wyrmkith and follow them, Attacking the same enemy Group if able. While in melee with the Wyrmkith and an enemy Group, this Group is Terrifying. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Fall Before Our Wave!        |  7+   | Bronzeclad and Khopeshi only. Must be within 6" of Wyrmkith.          | This Group must activate after the Wyrmkith and follow them, Attacking the same enemy Group if able. While in melee with the Wyrmkith and an enemy Group, this Group has Terrifying. |
```

> | The Sun Rises, Flesh Burns!  |  8+   | Flamebearers only. Must not be Bloodied or in melee.                  | This Group must activate to Shoot if able and may reroll any misses. If this Group becomes Bloodied or would Rout, they Self-Destruct instead.                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The Sun Rises, Flesh Burns!  |  8+   | Flamebearers only. Must not be Bloodied or in melee.                  | This Group must activate to Shoot if able, and may reroll any misses. If this Group becomes Bloodied or would Rout, they Self-Destruct instead.                                      |
```

Vicious (3)
: To-hit rolls of 6 inflict two hits.

| Taunt                      | Check | Requirements                                                                                                         | Effect                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| :------------------------- | :---: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Our Streets, Your Skulls!  |  6+   | Street Toughs only. Must be within 8" of a Bloodied or Shaken enemy Group.                                           | This Group loses the Defensive trait and becomes Reckless against Shaken and Bloodied Groups. If this Group becomes Bloodied, they must test Resolve immediately; if they pass, they become Unfeeling.                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Our Streets, Your Skulls!  |  6+   | Street Toughs only. Must be within 8" of a Bloodied or Shaken enemy Group.                                           | This Group loses the Defensive trait and becomes Reckless against Shaken and Bloodied Groups. If this Group becomes Bloodied, they must test Resolve immediately—if they pass, they become Unfeeling.                                                                                                                                           |
```

> | Our Streets, Your Skulls!  |  6+   | Street Toughs only. Must be within 8" of a Bloodied or Shaken enemy Group.                                           | This Group loses the Defensive trait and becomes Reckless against Shaken and Bloodied Groups. If this Group becomes Bloodied, they must test Resolve immediately; if they pass, they become Unfeeling.                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Our Streets, Your Skulls!  |  6+   | Street Toughs only. Must be within 8" of a Bloodied or Shaken enemy Group.                                           | This Group loses the Defensive trait and becomes Reckless against Shaken and Bloodied Groups. If this Group becomes Bloodied, they must test Resolve immediately—if they pass, they become Unfeeling.                                                                                                                                           |
```

> | Even Our Dogs Piss on You! |  7+   | Neighborhood Defenders only. Must be within 8" of an enemy Group Shaken by Kennel Hounds and not Bloodied or Shaken. | This Group loses the Defensive trait and becomes Vicious. If this Group becomes Bloodied or Shaken, they must test Resolve immediately; if they fail, they Rout.                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Even Our Dogs Piss on You! |  7+   | Neighborhood Defenders only. Must not be Bloodied or Shaken, and must be within 8" of an enemy Group Shaken by Kennel Hounds. | This Group loses the Defensive trait and becomes Vicious. If this Group becomes Bloodied or Shaken, they must test Resolve immediately—if they fail, they Rout.                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

> | We'll be Home By Dinner!   |  8+   | First Citizens only. Must be within 12" of a Group they command.                                                     | This Group becomes Reckless. At the beginning of every turn, roll 2d6. If the result is less than the number of turns since they Proclaimed this taunt, they become Shaken. If the result is greater, they may reroll to activate for Reckless. If the result is equal, they become Unfeeling and Vicious and do not roll for this effect again. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| We'll be Home By Dinner!   |  8+   | First Citizens only. Must be within 12" of a Group they command.                                                     | This Group becomes Reckless. At the beginning of every turn, roll 2d6. If the result is less than the number of turns since they Proclaimed this taunt, they become Shaken. If the result is greater, they continue their activation as normal. If the result is equal, they become Unfeeling and Vicious and lose this Taunt's effect. |
```
